Fix Search is:Scheme (#18537)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/08-vernac-commands-and-options/18537-fix-search-scheme.rst

- **Fixed:**

>   :cmd:`Search` with modified `is:Scheme` restricted the search to inductives
>   which have schemes instead of the schemes themselves.
>   For instance `Search nat is:Scheme` with just the prelude loaded would return `le`
>   i.e. the only inductive whose type mentions `nat`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :cmd:`Search` with modifier `is:Scheme` restricted the search to inductive types
  which have schemes instead of the schemes themselves.
  For instance `Search nat is:Scheme` with just the prelude loaded would return `le`
  i.e. the only inductive type whose type mentions `nat`
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe you could finish your example and state what it does now?
